Pulsar docs (#246)
memgraph/docs: docs/database-functionalities/overview.md

slug: /database-functionalities
---

> Articles within this section serve as a cookbook for getting things done as fast
> as possible. These articles tend to provide a step-by-step guide on how to use
> certain Memgraph features or solve a particular problem.
> 
> ## Streams
> 
> Memgraph can connect to existing **Kafka**, **Pulsar** and **Redpanda** streams.
> The streams are using user-defined transformations to produce Cypher queries
> based on the received messages. To learn more about streams and transformations
> take a look at the following pages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Articles within this section serve as a cookbook for getting things done as fast
as possible. These articles tend to provide a step-by-step guide on using
certain Memgraph features or solving a particular problem.

## Streams

Memgraph can connect to existing **Kafka**, **Pulsar** and **Redpanda** streams.
The streams use user-defined transformations to produce Cypher queries
based on the received messages. To learn more about streams and transformations
take a look at the following pages:
```
